Group Members 11: Jerry Yan, Annie Tsoromocos, Siddh Patel, Miles Da Silva

GOALS
1. What are our team goals for this project?
    ● Apply the Data Science topics we have learned so far into the project.
    ● Apply our Data science skills in a real world project.
    ● Utilize R programming in a Team project.
    ● Team Collaboration with Git and Github
    ● Develop our critical thinking, analysis, and question skills
2. What do we want to accomplish?
    ● Create clear data visualizations
    ● Meet all requirements of the project.
3. What skills do we want to develop or refine?
    ● Data visualization using R programming.
    ● Data wrangling
    ● Clean Data using Tidy methodology.
    ● Git collaboration
    ● Interpreting data sets 
    
EXPECTATIONS:
1. What do we expect of one another regarding attendance at meetings, participation, frequency of communication, quality of work, etc.?
    ● Complete required assignments on time.
    ● Maintain open avenues of communication
    ● No ghosting
    ● Be considerate of other group members
    ● Ask for help from other group members and outside sources when needed

POLICIES & PROCEDURES:
1. What rules can we agree on to help us meet our goals and expectations?
    ● Be realistic when assigning tasks and timeframes
    ● Let other group members know if you will be unable to complete a task or
attend a meeting ahead of time
    ● Aim for punctuality when meetings are scheduled
    ● Complete your assigned part on time.
    ● Understand the required programming methods used in our project.
CONSEQUENCES:
1. How will we address non-performance regarding these goals, expectations, policies and procedures?
    ● First approach the groupmate/s and start a conversation about the issue
    ● Be open to making adjustments
    ● Be considerate in language and don’t just start a fight
    ● Escalation to the Professor/TA if required.
    
Each member should "sign" (you can just type out your name) at the bottom of the submission.

Jerry Yan
Siddh Patel
Miles Da Silva 
Annie Tsoromocos